##### Why are you interested in programming? What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far?

I studied neuroscience in college with intense passion.  Studying the molecular and chemical mechanisms of the human brain was what gave me life and a sense of purpose.  I consumed research articles in my spare free time, when I wasn’t working for my classes; I still do, but looking back on my college days, I realize how devotedly obsessed I was in my pursuit of knowledge for neuroscience.  

After graduating early with two degrees from Northwestern, I became very sick.  Visits to many doctors later, the final consensus among the team of doctors was that my body experienced a severe burnout from prolonged stress and chronic inflammation throughout the body.  I never knew that burnouts were a real thing, or that they could manifest in such profound physical illnesses. But I digress.

I continued working at a neurology lab following graduation—until I could no longer go on. I could no longer ignore the growing feeling that was urging me to muster up the courage to deviate from "the regular path of academia” already written for me—to, instead, carve a path of my own. I started looking at tech-inspired cities such as Seattle and San Francisco and began reading more on the uses of  various  programming languages. (Moreover, before this, I had dipped my toes in the water during my sophomore year of college. I was heavily interested in switching into the school of engineering; however, the additional years’ of tuition I needed in order to graduate, unfortunately, barred me from doing so.)

Technology—and computer science—provides us with tools to serve as extensions of our brain, so that we may better comprehend the innumerable disparate data in relation to the greater scheme of the world.  My dream is to be able to apply my programming skills as a developer to the vast and nebulous world of neuroscience research—especially because researchers still lack the ability to effectively encode and share their qualitative and quantitative data with other researchers all around the world. 
  Of all the organs in the human body, it is incredible that the brain is still the least understood and explored organ!  I hope to be able to contribute to fill this monumental hole in scientific and medical research. 
  

 
 
##### If you are accepted into our program, where do you see your career in 5 years?
With the help of Ada, I hope to see myself in 5 years as an invaluable team member and developer at institutions such as the Allen Institute for Brain Science.  My dreams is to one day help further the collective knowledge of the human brain and its intricacies through developing better technology to aid neuroscience research, as well as neuro-gastrointestinal research (the relationship between the central nervous system and the enteric nervous system of the GI tract).  
My dream is to be able to apply my programming skills as a developer to the vast and nebulous world of neurology and neuro-gastrointestinal system research—especially because researchers still lack the ability to effectively encode and share their qualitative and quantitative data with other researchers around the world. I hope to one day be able to contribute to fill this monumental hole in scientific research.  


 
##### After reading Ada's Vision, Mission and Inclusivity Statement, how will you contribute to Ada's vision for an inclusive and diverse community?

As a queer woman, with the experience of being born into, growing up in and eventually thriving in an ultra-conservative Korean culture, I believe that I have much to contribute to Ada’s vision for a more inclusive and diverse community.  Since I was little, I have known that I was different, although I couldn’t quite place my finger on it until I was much older and living in the United States.  I won’t say that I have figured everything out about my whole identity, but I have learned to be unapologetically myself. I am more determined than ever to thrive in this world in my own unique way, and hope to encourage others to have the similar courage to be unapologetically themselves.  
When I moved to America, at age 10, I learned what it is to be a social outcast, in a sea of foreign faces that kept an arms-length distance from me and mocked my language barriers and mimicked my imperfect English.  I may have a good grasp on the English language and its pronunciations now, but I will never forget where I once was and the determination and hard work that helped me to master this second, foreign language.  I am a stronger and more empathetic person as a result of the sum of my experiences, and I stand proud and humbled to be where I am today. 

 
##### Tell us about a time you made a mistake that you learned a lot from. If you encountered the situation again, what would you do differently?
 

Towards the end of my undergraduate academic career at Northwestern University, I became very sick. Visits to many doctors and diagnoses with many illnesses later, the final consensus among the team of doctors was that my body experienced a severe burnout from prolonged stress and chronic inflammation throughout the body.  I never knew that burnouts were a real thing, or that they could manifest in such profound physical illnesses.  
For too long I had neglected my body’s needs, forsaking my mental health and physical health. In doing so, I nearly lost everything that I loved and everything that I had worked hard for.  I learned to stand up for myself and I learned that practicing self-care and self-love is not mere luxury or accessory, but a necessity.  I hope that, with Ada’s help, I can prove to myself that it is possible to achieve one's goals while practicing, rather than forsaking, self-care and self-love.
